what's the first day of groups here at
worlds with coverage presented by you
Gigi I'm joined right now by a maple as
well as iris who's gonna help translate
now maple how do you feel about the
debut game for your team today genuine
CD champ is Adam Young Magendie sound
your comment on en de da Fung Simon show
mash after us today it's kind of good so
it's kind of the same result as our
screen can you tell me a little bit
about why Sion was a good pick I wish
Manjula syllogism
now just shake it I think our lineup is
enough in the pushing of damage but I
think it's a little bit less lack of
tank so I I think sign is a good tanky
champion so I pick it historically many
have said that flash wolves has a hard
time closing out games but it feels like
that is different for you this year
why do you think that is Hasan's I
eschew Poseidon now is catching and put
young internal dog's attention Sheba I
wish I don't need to longtime host of
our ocean the whole support ID law so in
the past I think we'll love to prefer
like the early early game so we picked
some early champions but right now like
we love to choose the champions that can
push us or push the game into the mid or
late elack time so maybe that's why we
can made in this near Scripps do you
think that will help your team go
further this year than in previous years
to come home better vision that it can
do I do think so because I think our
preparation is much more than before now
normally at Worlds it feels like SKT is
this final boss and everybody's like oh
that's SKT
this year there is no
do you feel like worlds this year has a
final boss boss Hong Jinyoung SKT ma
need to do shine yo yo yo yo yo John she
had a martini and the team in your table
Austin that was in gaja Zanzibar yeah
Muhammad Ali I'm gonna kind of man you
want Santa Susana system today I can't
you maybe this final boss maybe RNG and
so we haven't had screens with them but
so according to the results were already
champions this year like MSI or if
rivals they're pretty good so maybe this
year's final boss boss or the favorites
of the tournament maybe orangey now
normally at the beginning of groups
every year I ask the players from Asia
what good Western teams are here and
they always say TSM then TSM fails much
like SKT there is no TSM this year so
are there any good Western teams
she found a cheap Japanese ego patch is
Toby tell you the Chinese awesome and
chunga how monotone okay persuade you
that hard I think maybe fnatic their
impressment a lot for their playlists
are very special and their their methods
in swap Elaine he's very impressive for
me and then for eat you they are quite
strong at this is there any hope for
North America maple Seattle with a
mentality Xue Jian carried on Amanda's
whole I think Team Liquid they play kind
of get and for the world in this matchup
with Katy roster
yeah are you just saying that to be nice
to me because I feel like everyone wants
to say oh maybe Team Liquid may be Team
Liquid but I don't know if people are
just being nice chasing that's a wise
just
in the fascinating Joe the team liquid
in the song champion
actually I do think Tim liquid can win
the game they have late in RT game very
good other than that is there anything
that you want to say to any of the
Western fans because they see you play
so many years in a row now so any think
you would say to any of them Sean and go
home waiting Johnny thank you thanks for
all my fans whatever you are and we'll
try our best for better results and
thank you
one more question actually I want to ask
you is there anything about your team
that you wish Western fans knew maybe
they don't know anything funny or
anything interesting around PA don't
jump you should white young white dollar
cinnamon do you needed stylesheet' you
maybe your teammates some wannabe though
Salman sells us away you had time
between sue maybe I'll pick hobby so and
actually we always make fun of him as he
looks or the way he speaking it's like a
foreigner yeah because he can't be
really maybe clearly so I they oh we
always make my uh your Bari okay well
thank you so much for the interview
Thank You iris for translating for
anyone else you can check out the rest
my world's covers right here on my
youtube channel
well we're at Worlds groups na is
already starting to lose I've seen how
they're losing anyway the point is I'm
I'm actually wondering if it just comes
down to the numbers the analytics the
data you know they just need to have
better scouting of of what champions are
good and what champions aren't what the
Korean players are playing what the
Western players are playing you don't
want to play those and and the funny
thing is is that they could have that
information just the way you have that
information right now if you go check
out our sponsor in the description you
Gigi just click that link it helps me a
lot and you put a champion in then
you've got all this information
information that if every na LCS player
was using at
world's we would we would just win this
thing and that's that's it's funny thing
they could win Ruth you can win you're
so cute you just need to go in there and
and use that link check out there
they're champions like options it's
pretty cool it's a lot of information
great information
check it out they sponsor me I met
worlds because of them because the whole
point of this outro you also subscribe
and look at the next video but again I
is it on this side it's one that I think
it's on this side that's that's a churro
thanks for watching the interview